The Joe Rogan experience.
It's just a random Tuesday and there's some kid in Minnesota. That's like, yo,
I love you, dude. Keep going. We're listening.
And I might have needed to hear that, that day. Mm. You know,
so like those kids don't know that that means that much to me and it,
and it does. So like, I, I wasn't really that big with talking, you know, and,
and having such a presence online. Cause I was weird about it and I,
I got a grip over it. It's, it's no problem for me. I love that I can, you know,
just hit up a kid randomly and just make their whole year, you know,
and just gimme some confidence is something that's using it for good. You know,
rather than me posting a picture of some jewelry or some new thousand dollars
sneakers, I bought that doesn't do anybody any good other than being like,
I ain't got. <laugh>, you know, that's the reality that people realize.
And then it's like, well,
I need to do what I gotta do so I can have what he have.
And I don't want people to think like that, you know, like when I post,
I like to post like, you know, maybe my lactate milk or, you know,
like some like, so does this.
Come from like lessons that you've learned watching other people and what,
like their behavior,
you felt like the shortcomings of their behavior once they became.
Famous? Oh yeah, man. I watched everybody around me, you know, and I think,
and I, and I, and I kind of use,
I want kids to look at me and understand what not to do. Mm-hmm <affirmative>,
you know, when I was dealing with my drug issues back in 2010, 2009, you know,
I was just had to be in the cocaine and it was like beauty, big thing for me.
Cool. <laugh> and it was like a really big thing for me.
And it was something that, you know,
kept me level something that I felt like I needed self-medicating and, uh,
you know, so you felt like cocaine kept you level. Yeah, man.
Cause I had this whole technique, uh,
where I don't know if I even should get into this,
I don't even want to talk about this.
You don't have to run around and talk do it, you know, but let's just say I,
I got into like, you know, uh, what I would call like, you know, a trifecta,
which was, you know, I would wake up in the morning. I would, uh, you know,
do Coke immediately, even before I had cereal breakfast. Whoa. And then I would,
would have a beer and then I would smoke weed.
So like I never wanted people to know I was doing cocaine.
So the beer in the marijuana leveled me out in a way where I
was able to walk in the streets and talk and,
and see as though I wasn't on anything but deep inside, I'm just like, you know,
with my face and just like, yeah, that's right. You know,
but what it did for me, uh, it, it completely numbed me.
I didn't care about anything and I was a robot, but also with,
with being so numb,
it allowed me to go out and meet my fans and be out in the streets.
So in a twisted way, it did, it did a positive thing for me.
And that's why I didn't see it as an issue. It was like,
today I went walking in Soho with no place to go.
And I was just high fiving fans and. Like, it was just the most, you know,
amazing experience.
Something that I never get a chance to feel because I'm just like such a
reclusion I'm just at that time was just weirded out when people recognized me
and just didn't want to go anywhere, you know? Yeah.
That's a, an issue with substances that can help you in some ways,
but they're ultimately detrimental to your health or wellbeing or your ability
to keep it together. Yeah. You.
Know? Yeah. I mean, I abused it, you know,
it's not like the guy who like goes out with his buddies in spring break and
it's like, yeah, let's do up. And it's like, Hey cool. You know,
those guys aren't.
Real. <laugh> those, those guys are only people in movies, man.
Everybody else is just too broke to keep going.
They just don't have the amount of money that it requires to be a full-time
Coke. Yeah. I, it was.
Definitely expensive, man. It was definitely expensive, but you know, I, I, um,
did.
You find like while you were doing it every day, like,
was there a thing that made you stop? Because that's usually,
there's like a moment you got.
Caught and then people started to know I did it and that wasn't arrested. Yeah.
And it was like, now everybody knows I do it. This is not cool anymore.
Like it's only cool when no one knows. Cause Coke is a weird one.
Right? Yeah. It's like.
I didn't really let you know. I didn't let the public make me,
you feel bad about it though. It was just kind of like,
guess I can't do that no more. I mean then also my daughter was born.
So it was like, you know, it was,
it was like two kind of life lessons back to back that I experienced in,
in 2010 and you know,
my daughter's birth and being arrested were those two things,
because I think I had already started toning.
My cocaine used the beginning of that year,
but then I was the king of like something tragic happening or something I felt
was tragic or stressful and spiraling back into it.
Just needing any excuse to be like, all right, I'm gonna go do cocaine now.
Cause I'm upset and I'm dealing with something and I don't know how to deal,
just like my way of copping out and avoiding my issues. Wow. You know,
so it was like a block. It was like maybe a couple months ago I'd be in Hawaii,
you know,
working on some stuff with Kanye and I never did cocaine or anything around
those guys that was like my time at detox when I would be away. Cuz you know, I,
if you do Coke, you either doing Coke with other people, you know, or alone.
And I felt weird about traveling the world and every place I was at asking
people where the drugs was at. So like it was something that I do it, you know,
at home and at certain time, you know, mm-hmm <affirmative>, which was,
you know,
I was able to like kind of keep it together and go out and work on my music and,
and be into it. I had a system, it was a weird sick system. I developed,
you know, for myself, you know, where, you know,
I was able to be cool if I wasn't in New York.
But then when I was back in New York,
it was on you cuz it was just like being home in the apartment alone for hours
on end, just really just got me, you know? Right. Uh, and doing it,
just kind of like, oh man,
I could just put on leaky Lee and just chill out for hours by myself.
And it's all good.
<Laugh> it's interesting that like the arrest made you wanna stop because you
real, was it because like the, the feeling like, like, oh,
an event has taken place.
Like this is obviously a big sign that I'm going down the wrong direction.
I'm I'm in, I'm dealing with a legal system now I'm getting.
Arrested. Nah, it was, it was just more like, did I,
this is not Scott Medi how in the hell did I let this
become Scott Medi how in the do I got people looking at me?
Like I'm not Scott Medi and I know what it was and I know
how to fix that. And I went and made, I, I just, it was just,
I didn't like how people were looking at me at that moment in time.
So they were looking at.
You like you're a Coen.
Yeah. Crazy cracked out dude. Like everywhere I would go.
It was just these looks. And I was just like, man, I just did a little blow.
<laugh>. <laugh> get off my back. You know what I mean?
Like y'all acted like y'all I ain't never did a bump get outta here, man.
Like it was so I was like, are you kidding me?
People love to be Sanon.
Yeah. Yeah. But I, but that's the thing when it happened, I wasn't like,
you know, on, you know, the next complex interview I did like,
I have a statement that I issued here. <laugh> this camera. Okay. Yeah.
I'm really sorry on my fans for you guys,
knowing that I do cocaine now or I used to, I don't do it anymore. Uh,
sorry if I let anyone down that, you know, that.
It was really just like I'm dealing with some. If you don't understand it,
I don't give a. This is how I was surviving. If I didn't do it,
I would've blew my brains out. Well, I like how you.
Describe it too,
because you're very honest about the positive aspects of the effects.
And I think that's super important.
And this was my contract by the way used. So.
The relief. Yeah. Don't worry about it man. Sorry. Don't worry about it.
You I'm.
An actor. You do. Everything's.
A prop, your method, your very method.
You're very honest about the positive benefits of it.
Like people have this idea,
like you shouldn't talk about positive benefits of any drugs,
whether it's harmless drugs, like marijuana or dangerous drugs, like cocaine,
he may be even especially dangerous drugs like cocaine,
because the reality of what you're saying,
your experience and the positive aspects of your experience,
it's like he's promoting drugs when clearly you're doing just the opposite.
Yeah.
You're talking about how you needed them and used them and they helped you.
But the reality is it was because you were dealing with an issue. Right.
And it just helped mask the issue, but it did help. Yeah.
And to lie and deny that it clouds the issue for people dealing with their own
drug issues, dealing with their current drug issues or their past drug issues.
People aren't honest about it, man.
It puts people in this weird place where like,
you know what if I wasn't for meth, I would've never started this business.
This, you know, the reason why I'm doing so well is cuz I got on meth.
Like yeah. I mean's some people that can say that probably.
Well,
the only reason why I could sit here and say that is because like I've been four
years clean, man. I'm not like dipping back it's yeah. And it's,
and I can speak about it candidly. And it's not something I'm weird about.
And uh, I've just grown so much since then.
And I also know that the more I talk about it, you know,
the more it'll help somebody else who might be dealing with it.
You know what I mean? Definitely. You know, I, when you're in that,
it's probably just,
it seems like you can't get out of it because it is like a thing,
you know what I mean? And cycle. Yeah. And you, you get caught up in it.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and um, you know, I,
I just know as with kids listening to me talk now it's,
it could be helping a lot of people.
I'm not like one of those people now that used to do cocaine and I'm like, oh,
you're bad.
If you do cocaine or cocaine's bad and you shouldn't do cocaine and I don't
promote any drug, but I'm not judging anybody if they do it. Right.
You know, it's not like a big deal. Like I,
I did it and I just abused it in a way and it didn't benefit me.
It didn't benefit Scott. I didn't like the person I was becoming.
There's some people that could do this and they could live and do it in
moderation and it doesn't affect their lives.
Like how it mine more power to 'em they got super powers if you ask me,
but I just have that, you know, it's a history of drugs in my family.
It was like, my blood was waiting mm-hmm <affirmative> it was like, yeah,
like let's go. And I noted about myself and I just had to make that choice. I,
I had to make a choice and I think that's what,
anything cigarettes and which I'm, you know, for of months,
five months done with now, um, you know, you just have to make a choice.
And I made that choice, you know, for myself, for my own health,
for my daughter, for her future, for my fans, you know?
Yeah.
A bunch of people quit cigarettes cuz their Anthony Bordain quit cigarettes cuz
of his daughter too, just realized like, what am I doing? Yeah. I mean.
For me, like my, my, my father passed away from cancer.
All my uncles passed away from cancer and my father died when I was 11,
you know? So that was an experience, you know, for me, uh,
that kind of like traumatized me in such a way, but I can't, you know,
when I got older, I started to, you know,
do everything that my father was into. Like my dad smoked Newports.
I started smoking Newport at 17, you know, my dad's, you know, he,
he loved MGD Miller, genuine draft. I drank MGD Milligen draft. You know,
it was like a tribute to him. No,
I just kind of was becoming my dad in a weird way. And, and you know, it wasn't,
you know, it was like a, one of those things where, you know, I don't know,
I just kind of, I never really had a relationship with him.
So the only memories I had was just this guy, like, you know,
like this guy that was just so cool.
He had his cigarette and he had his beer and he was always awesome.
And he was there for me as a man up until he left, you know? Uh,
and I think I kind of got caught up in that and that's something that like,
you know,
I can't say the image of my father drinking and smoking is what made me drink
his smoke, but I can't say it didn't.
Right. Do you think you took like comfort in it? Maybe.
Like I think maybe, yeah. For sure.
I think everybody takes comfort in smoking cigarettes. It's like, you know,
one of those things.
Yeah. That's the, the,
the grand trick that cigarettes pull on you that they give you comfort in that
need to replenish.
Like you give you a little stimula from the nicotine and all the chemicals that
are in the cigarette.
And then you're so addicted to it that you have this weird stress when you don't
have it. And then when you smoke it, ah, it relieves that stress.
And you think that it's actually calming you down,
but all it's doing is feeding the dragon. It's like a drug it's anything. Oh,
it's a drug. Yeah.